Update metadata API retention limits (#2084)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/release-notes/05-Sept-2002/metadata-api-data-retention-limits.md

---

> title: "Query metadata API for data from the previous 3 months"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Query metadata API the previous three months of data"
```

id: "metadata-api-data-retention-limits.md"
description: "Metadata API data retention limits"
sidebar_label: "Fix: Metadata API data retention limits"
tags: [Sept-29-2022]
---

> In order to make the metadata API more scalable and improve its latency, we’ve implemented data retention limits. The metadata API can now query data from the previous 3 months. For example, If today is March 1, you can query data back to January 1st.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to make the metadata API more scalable and improve its latency, we’ve implemented data retention limits. The metadata API can now query data from the previous 3 months. For example, if today was March 1, you could query data back to January 1st.
```

> In order to make the metadata API more scalable and improve its latency, we’ve implemented data retention limits. The metadata API can now query data from the previous 3 months. For example, if today was March 1, you could query data back to January 1st.

Reviewer: I don't think we discussed this as part of the style guide (nor do I necessarily think it needs to be included) but do we want to standardize numbers - should it be '3' or 'three' if it's not something like a date or a phone number?

Author: Good call! I think I should write it out as "three" unless it's over 10 or whatever that ding dang rule is :)

Author: I made this change and we can follow up with the team to come together with standards

> In order to make the metadata API more scalable and improve its latency, we’ve implemented data retention limits. The metadata API can now query data from the previous 3 months. For example, if today was March 1, you could query data back to January 1st.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to make the metadata API more scalable and improve its latency, we’ve implemented data retention limits. The metadata API can now query data from the previous three months. For example, if today was March 1, you could query data back to January 1st.
```
